Metric tags vs log attributes (#10511)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/logs_to_metrics.md

1. **Input a query to filter the log stream**: The query syntax is the same as for the [Log Explorer Search][6]. Only logs ingested with a timestamp within the past 20 minutes are considered for aggregation.
2. **Select the field you would like to track**: Select `*` to generate a count of all logs matching your query or enter a log attribute (e.g., `@network.bytes_written`) to aggregate a numeric value and create its corresponding `count`, `min`, `max`, `sum`, and `avg` aggregated metrics. If the log attribute facet is a [measure][7], the value of the metric is the value of the log attribute.

> 3. **Add dimensions to `group by`**: By default, metrics generated from logs will not have any tags unless explicitly added. Any attribute or tag dimension that exists in your logs (e.g., `@network.bytes_written`, `env`) can be used to create metric [tags][8]. Metric tags names will be equal to the originating attribute or tag name - without the @. Log-based metrics are considered [custom metrics][9]. Avoid grouping by unbounded or extremely high cardinality attributes like timestamps, user IDs, request IDs, or session IDs to avert impacting your billing. See the [Log Security][10] page for more information on using this feature for HIPAA-enabled customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Add dimensions to `group by`**: By default, metrics generated from logs will not have any tags unless explicitly added. Any attribute or tag dimension that exists in your logs (for example, `@network.bytes_written`, `env`) can be used to create metric [tags][8]. Metric tags names are equal to the originating attribute or tag name, without the @. Log-based metrics are considered [custom metrics][9]. Avoid grouping by unbounded or extremely high cardinality attributes like timestamps, user IDs, request IDs, or session IDs to avert impacting your billing. See the [Log Security][10] page for more information on using this feature for HIPAA-enabled customers.
```
